Since December 2019, a number of cases of “unknown viral pneumonia” related to a local seafood wholesale market were reported in Wuhan City, Hubei Province, China (1). A novel coronavirus (severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2, or SARS-CoV-2) was suspected to be the cause, with Phinolophus bat as the alleged origin (2). In just 2 months, the virus has spread from Wuhan to the rest of China and another 33 countries. By 24:00 on February 24, accumulative 77 658 confirmed cases with 9126 severe cases and 2663 deaths were documented in China (3); 2309 confirmed cases with 33 deaths were reported in other countries (including Japan, Korea, Italy, Singapore, and Iran as the top five countries). As of 24:00 on February 11, a total of 1716 confirmed cases and 1303 clinically diagnosed cases of medical personnel were reported from 422 medical institutions, five of whom died, accounting for 0.4% of the nationwide deaths during the same time period (4). In the absence of specific therapeutic drugs or vaccines for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), it is essential to detect the disease at an early stage and immediately isolate the infected person from the healthy population. According to the latest guideline of Diagnosis and Treatment of Pneumonitis Caused by 2019-nCoV (trial sixth version) published by the Chinese government (5), the diagnosis of COVID-19 must be confirmed by means of reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) or gene sequencing for respiratory or blood specimens, as the key indicator for hospitalization. However, with limitations of sample collection and transportation and limitations in kit performance, the total positive rate of RT-PCR for throat swab samples was reported to be approximately 30%–60% at initial presentation (6). In the current emergency, the low sensitivity of RT-PCR implies that many patients with COVID-19 may not be identified and may not receive appropriate treatment in time; such patients constitute a risk for infecting a larger population given the highly contagious nature of the virus. Chest CT, as a routine imaging tool for pneumonia diagnosis, is relatively easy to perform and can produce fast diagnosis. In this context, chest CT may provide benefit for diagnosis of COVID-19. As recently reported, chest CT demonstrates typical radiologic features in almost all patients with COVID-19, including ground-glass opacities, multifocal patchy consolidation, and/or interstitial changes with a peripheral distribution (7). Those typical features were also observed in patients with negative RT-PCR results but clinical symptoms. It has been noted in small-scale studies that the current RT-PCR testing has limited sensitivity, whereas chest CT may reveal pulmonary abnormalities consistent with COVID-19 in patients with initial negative RT-PCR results (8,9).